hi I'm Cassie from Beauty seekers food
and this is cooking for one today I'm
going to making and really easy childr
using a couple of ingredients that you
might have in fridge or in cupboards so
I've got some frozen sweet corn that
I've fished out of the freezer some
leftover shredded roast chicken but you
could use prawns if that's what you've
got some milk a lemon some celery and
onion a stock cube and some potatoes
that I've just diced quite finely and
boiled until they're just nice and soft
and lastly we'll need some flour so as
this is a meal for one that we only need
about half a celery stick which I'm just
going to half down the middle and then
dice
and then about half an onion I've been
just quite finely diced and you can use
that whatever you've got in your fridge
for this recipe if you don't have celery
don't worry about it and if you put a
leak that means using up there that some
leek in there would be really nice you
could put some garlic in if you like
garlic it's really up to you just play
around with what we've got in the fridge
okay so I'm just gonna sweat down this
onion and celery in a little bit of oil
okay so heat your pan nice medium heat
you just want a splash of oil in there
and you go in with the celery and onion
now just cook that for a couple of
minutes until it's nice and soft okay so
our onion and celery looks nice and soft
now it's just starting to tense bit
golden so we're gonna go in with some
flour
I just got about a tablespoon there and
just stir that in and this is going to
thicken the soup and make it lovely and
creamy so cook that out for a couple of
seconds and then we're going to add some
milk to make a nice a creamy soup okay
so our celery onions are nice and soft
then the flours been cooking out for a
couple of minutes now I'm just gonna go
in with some milk and you're gonna make
a bit of a white sauce here so the flour
in the power will help to thicken the
milk and give you a nice rich thick soup
just keep stirring it in bit by bit and
allowing the source to thicken slightly
as you add it it's a splash more keep it
over low heat
and just keep going until you get the
consistency you're after it should be a
little bit like double cream okay so
cook that out for a couple more minutes
and then we're going to go in with the
next ingredients okay so I soups
thickened up a little bit there we're
ready to add in the rest of the
ingredients so I've got about half a
chicken stock cube which I'm just going
to crumble in let that melt in and then
I'm using some shredded chicken but you
could put some prawns in there or it's a
nice smoked fish would be really good if
you've got some some salmon chowder is
traditionally a seafood dish so use any
seafood you've got and then I've got
some frozen sweet corn and some potatoes
I just put one potato that I diced up
and parboiled it's nice and soft and
that's gonna help to thicken the soup as
well so you may find that once this is
all cooked together for a little while
you just want to add another splash of
milk or some water just to thin it down
a little bit I'm gonna let that bubble
all together for a couple more minutes
make sure the potatoes are nicely cooked
through and the sweet corns defrosted
and we want to heat the chicken through
and then we're gonna be ready to serve
okay so I'll see is lovely and creamy
now should be a nice consistency so I'm
just gonna add in some of that lemon
zest and parsley and if you add some
nice black pepper to it
to to throw and play around with the
ingredients you put in your cupboard if
you don't have milk you could just use
stock with a splash of cream at the end
or you could use dairy free milk as well
if you've got oatmeal or some almond
milk in the cupboard that'd be really
nice okay so that looks great and there
you have a really lovely hearty dinner
for one using it just what we found in
fridge and cupboards soup easy and
adaptable hope you enjoy it